W-16175211 RPA Manager release notes 2024-07/1 (#398)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-home/modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/release-notes/rpa-manager-release-notes.adoc

RPA Manager is the cloud-based control plane for your automation projects.

> [[july-05-2024]]
> == July 05, 2024

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[july-5-2024]]
== July 5, 2024
```

// == What's New
//include::partial$release-notes/rn-headings.adoc[tag=whatsNew,leveloffset=+2]

> 

Reviewer 2: Do we now include the What's New heading even if there aren't any new features? I haven't done this in the past, and don't see the guidance for that in the standards page, although I could be missing it. 
https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/MTDT/Fixed+Issue+Descriptions

Reviewer: The header is commented out, so it won't show.

// == Fixed Issues
include::partial$release-notes/rn-headings.adoc[tag=fixedIssues,leveloffset=+2]

[%header,cols="6a,1a"]
|===
|Issue Resolution |ID

> | Invocable run configuration: the assigned multi sessions are not correctly saved and not able to be updated | W-16169918

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| RPA Manager now properly saves the changes when you assign multiple sessions to an invocable run configuration. | W-16169918
```
